Correct and streamline explanation of OTPs (#444)
Yubico/developers.yubico.com: content/OTP/OTPs_Explained.adoc

image:otp_details.png[]

> The YubiKey OTP is encoded in modhex (Modified Hexadecimal), a format that mostly allows for functionality regardless of the language set. Modhex uses only characters whose position on the keyboard does not change across the majority of latin-script keyboard layouts that are similar to QWERTY.

Reviewer: This feels a bit awkward to me. How about something like this?

```suggestion
The YubiKey OTP is encoded in modhex (Modified Hexadecimal), a format designed for maximum compatibility across host language settings. Modhex uses characters whose position on the keyboard is the same between many latin-script keyboard layouts similar to QWERTY.
```

Author: Cool, that looks like an improvement to me.

=== Private ID

> The private-id field comprises 6 bytes copied from the private-id configuration value. This field can be used to store a private identity which can be accessed when the OTP is decrypted in a Yubico OTP validation server holding the AES key used to encrypt the OTP.

Reviewer: Why this change?

Author: I was just being persnickety about the English and I thought I might as well change this since I was editing other stuff. See <https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/265920/use-of-a-hyphen-when-using-a-noun-as-an-adjective> and <https://www.grammarly.com/blog/hyphen/>.

Reviewer: Ah, I see, that makes sense. Although it seems a bit weird to me to make that change here since I don't think we use this pattern anywhere else we talk about this private ID. It might be a bit confusing that it's different here for no apparent reason. What do you think?

Author: Yes, this is definitely inconsistently applied, even within this single file! Also, this hyphenation-of-compound-adjectives thing is definitely one of those features of English that is a bad idea to enforce too strictly.
While I don't think it looks too bad in this particular case, it probably adds no value, so I will just roll it back.

Reviewer: Alright :slightly_smiling_face:

This field is only 15 bits wide, giving a usable range from 1 to 0x7fff. When this counter reaches 0x7fff, it stops there. One might think that this constraint gives YubiKeys a short lifetime. However, if a YubiKey is used every day, five times a day, it will take 18 years for the counter to get stuck. In practice, the lifetime is even longer than that since this counter only increments each time the Yubikey powers up or resets. Finally, even when the usage counter reaches the final value, it is still possible to re-configure the device and reset the counter.

The usage counter is stored in little-endian format, i.e. the least significant byte is stored first.

=== Timestamp
The timestamp is a 24-bit field incremented at a rate of approximately 8 Hz. At startup, it is set to a random value using the internal random number generator.

The timestamp may be used by the verifying party to determine the time elapsed between two consecutive OTPs received during a single session.

This field automatically wraps from 0xffffff to 0. The verifying party must take this constraint into account. Given an 8 Hz rate, the timer will wrap approximately every 24 days.

> The timestamp is stored in little-endian format.

Reviewer: And in that case (see comment below) maybe we should keep it here too.

```suggestion
The timestamp is stored in little-endian format, i.e. the least significant byte is stored first.
```

=== Random number
A 16-bit random number is picked from the internal random number generator to add some additional entropy to the final result.

=== Checksum
A 16-bit, ISO13239, 1's-complement checksum is added at the end. The checksum spans all bytes except the checksum itself. It is verified by calculating the checksum of all bytes, including the checksum field, where a valid checksum produces a fixed residual of 0xf0b8. If the checksum is invalid, the OTP shall be rejected.

> The checksum is stored in little-endian format (the least significant byte comes first).

Reviewer: Let's be consistent with the previous paragraphs, no? :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
The checksum is stored in little-endian format, i.e. the least significant byte is stored first.
```

Author: Some times, I like to introduce variety into the mix.  :)
But sure, no problem!
